abase ß(v.) to humiliate, cause to feel shame; (v.) to hurt the pride ofåabash ß(v.) to embarrass; to cause to be embarrassedåabate ß(v.) to make less active or intense; (v.) to become less in intensityåabdicate ß(v.) to give up poweråaberration ß(n.) an aberrant state or condition; (n.) a disorder in a person's mental state; an optical phenomenon which results from the failure of a mirror or lens to produce a good imageåabet ß(v.) to assist or encourage, , often in the case of wrongdoing; (v.) to support, uphold, or maintain; (v.) to contribute to the commission of an offenseåabeyance ß(n.) a temporary suspension or cessation; (n.) a temporary suppressionåabhor ß(v.) to find repugnant, or to shrink back with dislike or horroråabjure ß(v.) to reject something; (v.) to retract an oath; (v.) to recantåaboriginal ß(n.) an original inhabitant of any land; (n.) an animal or plant native to the regionåabortive ß(adj.) failing to accomplish an original intent or goal; (adj.) imperfectly formed or developed; (n.) something that is born prematurely; (adj.) made from the skin of a still-born animalåabscond ß(v.) to run away, often taking someone or something along; (v.) to hide, withdraw or be concealedåabsolve ß(v.) to release from moral wrongdoing; (v.) to grant remission of a sinåabstain ß(v.) to refrain from engaging in a certain act; (v.) to voluntarily refrain from, especially when having to do with an act involving the appetite or sensesåabstemious ß(adj.) sparing in consumption of, especially in relation to food and drink; (adj.) marked by moderation in indulgenceåabyss ß(n.) a gulf or pit that is either bottomless or which possesses an unfathomable and inconceivable depth; (n.) infinite timeåabysmal ß(adj.) boundless and vast; (adj.) unfathomableåaccede ß(v.) to give into or yield to someone else's wishes or desires; (v.) to be in accordance with; to agreeåacclivity ß(n.) an upward grade or slope, on the earthåaccolade ß(n.) to praise; (n.) a symbol that signifies distinction or approval; (n.) a ceremony that was formerly used to bestow knighthoodåaccoutre ß(v.) to provide with military equipment